lake first global logistics wrong from a
modest and humble beginning as an NVOCC
operator in 1987 to one of the leaders
in 21st century within the logistics
sector one of the trusted and recognized
international freight forwarder
specializes in all types of
transportation services to various
industries link first provides one stop
shop comprehensive logistics solutions
such as air cargo sea free land rail
cross border custom brokerage
warehousing and distribution
consolidation projects and events
household removal our worldwide sea
freight services include inbound
outbound transhipment consolidation fcl
and LCL hazardous in bulk liquid
transportation in the air we are capable
in the handling from a small parcel to
chartering of a Boeing 747 land
transportation complement air and sea
freight forwarding this includes LTL and
FCL transport not limited to local but
also cross border transportation we
enhance total transportation with
cost-effective and efficient customer
which we are expert in project and event
cargo services we understand the
importance of efficient and timely
delivery such as time-sensitive cargo we
ensure your Freight to be at the right
place at the right time link first has
its wealth of experience on
consolidation with regular containers
being filled to various cities worldwide
managing group bridge or LCL service
encompasses the company to work
complementing the ongoing specialized
fires consolidation service to major
brands storage and inventory management
is one of the services that the company
has been providing to our clients the
non asset base is our greatest asset we
focus on services ensuring our efforts
are spent managing our customers freight
need without distraction ultimately
after my logistics function we have come
a long way from one-man operation to an
industry leader but we have not lost our
edge our edge is our approach to
customer service with own offices in
Hong Kong Shanghai Shenzhen Wuhan a
strategically located network of
representation in China together with
reliable agency globally linked first is
proud to be one of the best service
providers in this region over a decade
of experience a dedicated workforce and
utilised superb technology combines in
bringing globally recognized client
innovation solutions cost-effective
services and high-quality results for
today and for tomorrow Ling first has
built its impressive reputation on
innovation quality reliability and have
always demonstrated an unparalleled
customer service
link first global logistics the only
logical solution to every organization
large enough to handle small enough to
care